---
id: "07"
title: "Privacy Policy"
description: "This privacy policy governs the manner in which The we collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from our users"
templateKey: about
lang: en
image: ../../img/vpn.png
date: "2020-10-10"
path: /en/legal/privacy-policy
slug: /en/legal/privacy-policy
---

```toc
# Privacy Policy
```

## PRIVACY POLICY

Effective date: 25 September 2021

### **Introduction**

maila.ai (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates maila.ai (hereinafter referred to as “Service”).

Our Privacy Policy governs your visit to maila.ai, and explains how we collect, safeguard and disclose information that results from your use of our Service.

Please read this privacy policy carefully In order to gain a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your personal information.

Our Terms of Use (“Terms”) govern all use of our Service and together with the Privacy Policy constitute your agreement with us (“agreement”).

You agree to our Privacy Policy by using our Website.


### **Definitions**

SERVICE refer to the maila.ai website operated by support Levin.

PERSONAL DATA refers to data about a living individual who can be identified from such data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

USAGE DATA is data collected automatically and is either generated by the use of Service or from the infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

COOKIES are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

DATA CONTROLLER means a natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which, and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed. In the case of this website, the Data Controller is the Owner.

DATA PROCESSORS (OR SERVICE PROVIDERS) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

DATA SUBJECT is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.

THE USER is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.

## **Information Collection and Use**

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our service to you.

### **Types of Data Collected**

#### **Personal Data**

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

   - Email address
   - First name and last name

We may use your Personal Data to contact you via newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by using the ‘unsubscribe’ link or e-mailing [support@maila.ai](mailto:support@maila.ai).

#### **Usage Data**

We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access ‘service’ by or through a mobile device (“Usage Data”).

This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When you access Service with a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

#### **Cookies Data**

Examples of Cookies we may use:

**Session Cookies:** We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.

**Preference Cookies:** We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.

**Security Cookies:** We use Security Cookies for security purposes.

### **Use of Data Collected**

we uses the collected data for various purposes:

- to provide and maintain our Service;
- to notify you about changes to our Service;
- to provide support;
- to monitor the usage of our Service;
- to detect, prevent and address technical issues;
- to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
- to provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or have shown an interest in, unless you have opted not to receive such information.

#### **Transfer of Data**

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to such a transfer.

We will take all the steps necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and that no transfer of your Personal Data to an organisation or a country will take place unless there are adequate controls in place, including the security of your data and other personal information.

#### **Disclosure of Data**

We may disclose personal information to third parties that provide services to us, such as cloud and hosting providers, data analysis, payment processing, information technology and related infrastructure provision, email delivery, auditing and similar services.

#### **Security of Data**

The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee absolute security.

#### **Service Providers**

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), provide Service on our behalf, or assist us in analysing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data in order to perform specified tasks on our behalf. They are obligated to neither disclose nor use the data for any other purpose.

We may use third-party Service Providers to automate the development process of our Service

##### **Vercel**

Vercel is provided by Vercel, Inc.

Vercel is a platform to deploy and manage apps.

For more information on what data Vercel collects and for what purpose and how the protection of the data is ensured, please visit Vercel Privacy Policy page: [https://vercel.com/privacy](https://vercel.com/privacy).

##### **Microsoft Azure**

Microsoft Azure is provided by Microsoft Corporation.

Microsoft Azure is a cloud computing platform and infrastructure, created by Microsoft, for building, deploying, and managing applications and services through a global network of Microsoft-managed data centers.

For more information on what data Microsoft Azure collects for what purpose and how the protection of the data is ensured, please visit Microsoft Azure Privacy Policy page: [https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement).

##### **OpenAI**

OpenAI is provided by OpenAI, Inc.

OpenAI is a non-profit AI research company that aims to promote, study and serve the use of artificial general intelligence (AGI) to benefit humanity.

For more information on what data OpenAI collects for what purpose and how the protection of the data is ensured, please visit OpenAI Privacy Policy page: [https://openai.com/privacy/](https://openai.com/privacy/).

### **Links to Other Sites**

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## **Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)**

If you are a resident of the European Union (EU) and European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights, covered by GDPR.

– See [https://eur-lex.europa.eu/eli/reg/2016/679/oj](https://eur-lex.europa.eu/eli/reg/2016/679/oj)

We will take all reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.

If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please email us at [support@maila.ai](mailto:support@maila.ai).

You have the right to access, update or to delete the information we have stored about you. Please note, we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests to protect the security for your personal data.

You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).

## **Our Policy on “Do Not Track” Signals:**

We honor ‘Do Not Track’ signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track browser mechanism is in place. ‘Do Not Track’ is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not wish to be tracked.

- You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.

## **Your Data Protection Rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)**

If you are a California resident, you are entitled to be informed about what data we collect about you, ask to delete your data and not to sell (share) it. To exercise your data protection rights, you can make certain requests and ask us about personal information.

On receiving such a request, we will provide the following information:

- The categories of personal information we have collected about you.
- The categories of sources from which we collect your personal information.
- The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information.
- The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information.
- The specific items of personal information we have collected about you.
- A list of categories of personal information that we have disclosed for a business purpose, along with the category of any other company with which we have shared it.
- Please note, you are entitled to ask us to provide you with this information no more than twice in a rolling twelve-month period. When you make this request, the information provided will be limited to the personal information we have collected about you in the previous twelve months.

‘To delete your personal information.’ If you make this request, we will delete the personal information we hold about you in our records from the date of your request. We will direct any service providers to do the same. In some cases, deletion may be accomplished through de-identification of the information.

We do not sell or rent your personal information to any third parties for any purpose. You are the sole owner of your Personal Data and can request disclosure or deletion at any time.

Please note, if you ask us to delete or stop selling your data, it may impact your experience with us, and you may not be able to participate in certain programs or membership services that require the usage of your personal information ​​in order to function.

To exercise your California data protection rights described above, please send your request(s) by one of the following means:

- By email: [support@maila.ai](mailto:support@maila.ai)
- By visiting our website: maila.ai/contact

Your data protection rights, described above, are covered by the CCPA, short for the California Consumer Privacy Act. To find out more, visit the official California Legislative Information website. The CCPA took effect on 01/01/2020.

## **Children's Privacy**

Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 16 (“Children”).

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information about Children under the age of 16. If you become aware that a child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we find that, unwittingly, we have collected Personal Data from Children without parental consent, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.

## **Changes to This Privacy Policy**

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## **Contact Us**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

By email: [support@maila.ai](mailto:support@maila.ai).

[Privacy Notice](https://maila.ai/en/privacy-policy)

Last updated: 25 September 2020
